I'll ask you the standard question you
know standard question I think it's this
fake do they get spike huh what the
hell's wrong way that's open hand slap
huh do you think it started snowing here
in middletown Orange County around eight
o'clock and the plows went out around
nine o'clock we've got about a a good
inches oh hey if you want something to
happen to you arrived I had the Bulldogs
on a leash I think I'm nobilis Alyssa
died you might see pillow charisma see
Jose and Judy I'm out of here put you on
all right just give them a little here
so get your real quick and that's it
Oh drizzling okay they basically said
you didn't have enough with what you
wear stop camera right now stop call the
police okay the death of a college
football icon oh I've actually been
practicing my ollie you guys want to see
I've been practicing hard okay few years
ago one boy I'm Stephanie Sylvia and
coming up we'll show you some things you
can do have fun in warm winters
is a bit it here for many reasons and
it's just that's just one of the reasons
yes guys having fun but now it's part of
their sentence a couple is going to have
some time right alright so I've got my
trusty stopwatch and here they come down
the hill it looks like Ruben is in the
lead and here comes out of this Texas
rat snakes are going to be one of the
largest snakes that you find in the
Metroplex area they get this the gold
McMahon
wowowow hold up hold up
reporting live at 82 metcalf in overland
park Tom wait KCTV 5